refactor(username): Added formatter support for the username module (#1266)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

### Options

| Option        | Default         | Description                           |
| ------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------------- |

> | `format`            | `"via [$user]($style) "` | The format for the module.                                                       |
> | `style`  | (variable based on user or root)    | The style for the module. |

Reviewer: I think the `style_root` and `style_user` options should be left here. e.g
```suggestion
| `style_root`  | `"bold red"`    | The style used when the user is root. |
| `style_user`  | `"bold yellow"` | The style used for non-root users.    |
| `format`            | `"via [$user]($style) "` | The format for the module.                                                       |
```

| `show_always` | `false`         | Always shows the `username` module.   |
| `disabled`    | `false`         | Disables the `username` module.       |

### Variables

| Variable     | Example         | Description                                                         |
| ------------ | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `style_root` | `"red bold"`    | Mirrors the value of option `style` when root is logged in.         |
> | `style_user` | `"yellow bold"` | Mirrors the value of option `style` when regular user is logged in. |

Reviewer: I think the option here should be `style` e.g

```suggestion
| `style` | `"red bold"`    | Mirrors the value of option `style_root` when root is logged in and `style_user` otherwise. |
```
